README.md, before:

# Chat Analytics Dashboard

A Django application that creates an analytics dashboard for chat session data. The application allows different companies to have their own dashboards and view their own data.

## Features

- Multi-company support with user authentication
- CSV file upload and processing
- Interactive dashboard with charts and visualizations
- Detailed data views for chat sessions
- Search functionality to find specific chat sessions
- Admin interface for managing users and companies
- Responsive design using Bootstrap 5

## Requirements

- Python 3.13+
- Django 5.0+
- PostgreSQL (optional, SQLite is fine for development)
- Other dependencies listed in [`pyproject.toml`](pyproject.toml)

## Setup

### Local Development

1. Clone the repository:

   ```sh
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd dashboard_project
   ```

2. Create a virtual environment and activate it:

    ```sh
   uv venv
   source .venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: .venv\Scripts\activate
   ```

3. Install dependencies:

   ```sh
   uv pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. Run migrations:

   ```sh
   uv run python manage.py makemigrations
   uv run python manage.py migrate
   ```

5. Create a superuser:

   ```sh
   uv run python manage.py createsuperuser
   ```

6. Run the development server:

   ```sh
   uv run python manage.py runserver
   ```

7. Access the application at <http://127.0.0.1:8000/>

### Using Docker

1. Clone the repository:

   ```sh
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd dashboard_project
   ```

2. Build and run with Docker Compose:

   ```sh
   docker-compose up -d --build
   ```

3. Create a superuser:

   ```sh
   docker-compose exec web python manage.py createsuperuser
   ```

4. Access the application at <http://localhost/>

## Usage

1. Login as the superuser you created.
2. Go to the admin interface (<http://localhost/admin/>) and create companies and users.
3. Assign users to companies.
4. Upload CSV files for each company.
5. View the analytics dashboard.

## CSV File Format

The CSV file should contain the following columns:

- session_id: Unique identifier for the chat session
- start_time: When the session started (datetime)
- end_time: When the session ended (datetime)
- ip_address: IP address of the user
- country: Country of the user
- language: Language used in the conversation
- messages_sent: Number of messages in the conversation (integer)
- sentiment: Sentiment analysis of the conversation (string)
- escalated: Whether the conversation was escalated (boolean)
- forwarded_hr: Whether the conversation was forwarded to HR (boolean)
- full_transcript: Full transcript of the conversation (text)
- avg_response_time: Average response time in seconds (float)
- tokens: Total number of tokens used (integer)
- tokens_eur: Cost of tokens in EUR (float)
- category: Category of the conversation (string)
- initial_msg: First message from the user (text)
- user_rating: User rating of the conversation (string)

## Future Enhancements

- API integration for real-time data
- More advanced visualizations
- Custom reports
- Export functionality
- Theme customization
- User access control with more granular permissions

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Enhance AJAX navigation and pagination across dashboard templates
- Implemented AJAX-based navigation for links and forms to improve user experience.
- Added loading indicators during AJAX requests to enhance feedback.
- Refactored data tables and search results to load content dynamically via AJAX.
- Created partial templates for data tables and search results to streamline rendering.
- Updated pagination links to work with AJAX, maintaining browser history.
- Added JavaScript files for handling AJAX navigation and pagination.
- Improved session detail view with conditional rendering for action buttons.
- Updated Docker Compose file for consistency in version formatting.
- Created a TODO list for future enhancements and features.

README.md, after:

# Chat Analytics Dashboard

A Django application that creates an analytics dashboard for chat session data. The application allows different companies to have their own dashboards and view their own data.

## Features

- Multi-company support with user authentication
- CSV file upload and processing
- Interactive dashboard with charts and visualizations
- Detailed data views for chat sessions
- Search functionality to find specific chat sessions
- Admin interface for managing users and companies
- Responsive design using Bootstrap 5

## Requirements

- Python 3.13+
- Django 5.0+
- PostgreSQL (optional, SQLite is fine for development)
- Other dependencies listed in [`pyproject.toml`](pyproject.toml)

## Setup

### Local Development

1. Clone the repository:

   ```sh
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd dashboard_project
   ```

2. Create a virtual environment and activate it:

   ```sh
   uv venv
   source .venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: .venv\Scripts\activate
   ```

3. Install dependencies:

   ```sh
   uv pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. Run migrations:

   ```sh
   uv run python manage.py makemigrations
   uv run python manage.py migrate
   ```

5. Create a superuser:

   ```sh
   uv run python manage.py createsuperuser
   ```

6. Run the development server:

   ```sh
   uv run python manage.py runserver
   ```

7. Access the application at <http://127.0.0.1:8000/>

### Using Docker

1. Clone the repository:

   ```sh
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd dashboard_project
   ```

2. Build and run with Docker Compose:

   ```sh
   docker-compose up -d --build
   ```

3. Create a superuser:

   ```sh
   docker-compose exec web python manage.py createsuperuser
   ```

4. Access the application at <http://localhost/>

## Usage

1. Login as the superuser you created.
2. Go to the admin interface (<http://localhost/admin/>) and create companies and users.
3. Assign users to companies.
4. Upload CSV files for each company.
5. View the analytics dashboard.

## CSV File Format

The CSV file should contain the following columns:

| Column              | Description                                            |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| `session_id`        | Unique identifier for the chat session                 |
| `start_time`        | When the session started (datetime)                    |
| `end_time`          | When the session ended (datetime)                      |
| `ip_address`        | IP address of the user                                 |
| `country`           | Country of the user                                    |
| `language`          | Language used in the conversation                      |
| `messages_sent`     | Number of messages in the conversation (integer)       |
| `sentiment`         | Sentiment analysis of the conversation (string)        |
| `escalated`         | Whether the conversation was escalated (boolean)       |
| `forwarded_hr`      | Whether the conversation was forwarded to HR (boolean) |
| `full_transcript`   | Full transcript of the conversation (text)             |
| `avg_response_time` | Average response time in seconds (float)               |
| `tokens`            | Total number of tokens used (integer)                  |
| `tokens_eur`        | Cost of tokens in EUR (float)                          |
| `category`          | Category of the conversation (string)                  |
| `initial_msg`       | First message from the user (text)                     |
| `user_rating`       | User rating of the conversation (string)               |

## Future Enhancements

- API integration for real-time data
- More advanced visualizations
- Custom reports
- Export functionality
- Theme customization
- User access control with more granular permissions

## License

This project is unlicensed. Usage is restricted to personal and educational purposes only. For commercial use, please contact the author.
